
# analysis-tools

**analysis-tools** is a set of Python scripts to analyze the DRE-DEMUX dump test files and to characterize its performances.

These scripts have to be run in a "test directory". This directory is build during the test session by the GSE software (XIFUStudio) and some directories and files are added by the analysis-tools.

# Test directory description

* (dir.) **DATA**: Directory where the DRE data are stored.
* (dir.) **HK**: Directory where HK values are stored.
* (dir.) **HK_CONF**: TBC
* (dir.) **OUTPUTS**: TBC
* (dir.) **PLOTS**: Directory where the analysis scripts store the output plots.
* (dir.) **SCRIPT_ANALYSE**: Directory where these analysis scripts are stored (the name should be changed to an english one. For example "ANALYSIS").
* (dir.) **SCRIPT_GSE**: Directory where the GSE scripts that have been used to generate the test data are stored.
* (dir.) **SCRIPT_PYTHON**: Will be removed.
* (file) **logbook**: File containing the history of the commands generated by the GSE during the test.
* (file) **scriptlog.txt**: File containing the output messages of the test scripts.
* (file) **session_informations.txt**: File containing a summary of the test configuration.

# Commands

The analysis is automatically done at the end of a test session thanks to a specific command in the GSE scripts.
Nevertheless it is possible to start the analysis from the file browser or from the command line by launching the file:

"/SCRIPTS_ANALYSE/analysis-tools/do-analysis.bat"

The analysis-tools will scan all the dump files contained in the **DATA** directory and do the appropriate analysis according to the file name and/or the kind of data.
